Adding documentation on how to enable agent config in inventory (#15521)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/collecting_agent_configuration.md

---
title: Collecting the Agent configuration
kind: documentation
---

> Starting with version `7.40.0` the Agent can send its own configuration to Datadog to be displayed in the

Reviewer: Should be `7.39.0` here correct? 🤔

> [Infrastructure page][1]. In the `Agent configuration` section of the host detail panel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Infrastructure page][1] in the `Agent Configuration` section of the host detail panel.
```

> The Agent configuration will be scrubbed from any sensitive information and will only contain settings set by the user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Agent configuration is scrubbed from any sensitive information and only contains settings set by the user
```

> through the configuration file or environment variables. The configuration will be refreshed every 10 minutes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
through the configuration file or environment variables. The configuration changes are updated every 10 minutes.
```

> This feature is disabled by default, to enable it you need to add the following settings to the `datadog.yaml` configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature is disabled by default. To enable it, you need to add the following settings to the `datadog.yaml` configuration:
```

```yaml
inventories_configuration_enabled: true
```

> Alternatively, you can also use the `DD_INVENTORIES_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED=true` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also use the `DD_INVENTORIES_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED=true` environment variable to enable this feature.
```

**Note**: `inventories_enabled` configuration setting, which is enabled by default, also controls this feature.

> Disabling it will override `inventories_configuration_enabled`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Disabling `inventories_enabled` overrides any `inventories_configuration_enabled` settings.
```

> Disabling `inventories_enabled` overrides any `inventories_configuration_enabled` settings.

Reviewer 3: This note is a little confusing. If `inventories_enabled` is enabled by default, will the Agent Configuration section show up by default? If so, what is the point of the `inventories_configuration_enabled: true` setting?
